so you don't type, so when you don't type, it
can decrease chance of errors.
And you don't need to be expert in programming.
If you're not a professional programmer, definitely Blueprint will be
easier for you.
definitely you need to know OOP, object oriented programming.
You need to be familiar with the principles of programming,
but the knowledge of programming that you need to have
is not, as, I mean it's not, it's
not as necessary as C++,  definitely you can
have.
You can be in intermediate level, but for C++ in
unreal you should be really expert.
Regarding disadvantages of blueprints.
in older versions of Blueprint before version 5, it
was not as powerful as C++.
You couldn't do some optimizations.
You couldn't, you had some limitations, but from Unreal
Engine version 5, it is almost around 95% equal to.
C++, so it has the necessary power that you need
to develop your application.
And when you use C++ you have more freedom because
you write everything yourself so you are not limited to
the nodes and the other point is that if you
are not good in node-based programming, if you don't consider
object-oriented principles in your code, it can make understanding
your code and interpretation of the nodes difficult for the
people who want to debug or check your code.
At the end of the day, you will have many
nodes, they are connected with each other, and they are
not understandable for yourself and for other people, I mean,
for the other members of your team.
To check your code, but based on the concepts
that I will teach you in the course, you will
learn how to group them, how to make functions, classes,
so that you can make a tidy code which is
understandable for yourself and the other members of the team
regarding advantages and disadvantages of C++.
first of all, since you're familiar with C++, you
don't need to learn a new language.
And you've already learned it from the other courses
so you know the syntax, you know the overall structure,
 and.
In theory C++ is faster, but as I said, in
theory, but in practice, most of the times it doesn't
work properly and you need to restart Unreal Engine a
couple of times, but Blueprint has a better integration
with Unreal Engine for C++ you should use Visual Studio.NET
which is another application.
And it should have a connection between, I mean there
should be a connection between Unreal Engine and Visual Studio,
and sometimes it makes your unreal Engine slow, but Blueprint
is integrated into the heart of Unreal Engine, so it's
not a separate application.
and, regarding disadvantages, it's not as safe
as, it's not as safe as Blueprints because
in Blueprint, you, you're working with nodes and those
nodes have a specific settings, but in unreal and sorry
in C++ since you write everything yourself, there is a
higher chance of errors.
Here you can see the interface of Unreal Engine.
This part is called your view port or your scene
area.
You make your application here, for example, here I added
a table and two chairs, and we have a floor
and a sky.
So in this part you can see the environment that
you are working on.
This section is used to add new elements to your
application.
For example, if you wanna add lighting, if you wanna
add, visual effects, if you wanna add geometry shapes,
you can add all of them through this section.
If you can't see this section here, you should click
this button.
And you can get all these features from this button here.